--------------------------------------------
BUILD TOOL:
Crafted with 5 wood, 1 ruby @ anvil
Right click to open tool menu

FOLDER: 
Select or create a board on click - click again to hide list
(no alternate tool)

PAINT/ERASE:
Click to select
Click in-world to place a node
Right click to open node selection menu, right click again to toggle
Middle click while placing a node to move the node
Right click while placing a node to delete the node

Right click paint tool to swap to Erase, right click again to swap to Paint
Double click a node to erase it

LINK/UNLINK:
Click to select
Click in-world to select a node
Click another node to link it.
	This will force the order to be from node 1 to node 2.
	All nodes can have (functionally) infinite collections without issues.
	Note: You can link two nodes to each other, allowing you to move between them infinitely. This is purposeful, but unlikely to be useful
Right click while having a selected node to unselect it

Right click link tool to swap to Unlink, right click again to swap to Link
Click a node to select it
Hover over a link and click to unlink it
Right click while having a selected node to unselect it

PLAY/STOP:
Click to start playing the current board
Right click to stop playing the current board

CLOSE:
Closes the menu

VALIDATE:
Validates the current board
If the board has no hanging nodes, that is, every node goes to at least one other node, the board is valid
Otherwise, you will be unable to properly play the board

--------------------------------------------
MINIGAME TOOL:
Crafted with 5 wood, 1 sapphire @ anvil
Right click to open minigame tool menu

Unlike the BUILD TOOL, the tool is always selected, and clicking off-UI will do the respective action.
Click the tool (pencil, eraser or wrench) to go to the next tool

PENCIL (PLACE): Places the selected minigame
ERASER (ERASE): Erases a minigame (with confirmation)
WRENCH (EDIT): Edits a selected minigame.
	Minigames have individual values that can be edited, which can be arbitrary.
	Some elements may not be modifiable.

LIST:
Opens a list of minigames to select.
These are listed by mod, name and internal name.

- Fix Splash Art not working properly in mp
- Fix Splash Art sample minigame area being short